The ticket creative publisher is definitely now working.
So now we're going to go through this very similar process and we're going to create a new publisher
to handle ticketing tickets being updated as well.
So again, the very first thing we have to do is go into our Events Publishers directory.
We're going to create a new file inside there called Ticket Updated Publisher.
We could write out all the code from this from scratch.
Or alternatively, we could just do a copy paste from ticket related publisher.
Let's just do the ticket or the copy paste just to save ourselves a little bit of time.
So we'll go to ticket created.
Copy everything inside of here.
Go back over to update it and paste.
And then inside of here, we'll go around and update the word created to update it instead.
So I'll do one update.
Second update.
Third update.
Fourth.
And Fifth.
So we should not see the word created anywhere inside of here.
We should have five copies of updated.
Okay.
Once that's all done, we'll save this.
And then going to go over to my roots directory.
I'll find the update handler.
So inside of here we will import.
Tickets updated publisher.
From up one directory events publishers ticket.
Updated Publisher.
And then we also need our client, rapper as well.
So we'll get gnats wrapper from up.
Nats rapper.
Then down inside of our update handler right after we successfully do the save.
Right after that, that's when we probably want to make sure that we emit some kind of update event.
So we can do a new ticket.
Updated publisher will pass in our Nats wrapper client and we'll call publish.
And then TypeScript, remember, is going to guide us on the different properties we need to add inside
of here.
So we need to put in the ID of the ticket title price and user ID once again.
So the ideal.
The ticket ID.
Title is ticket title.
Price.
And user ID.
And that should be it.
So let's save this.
We'll do a quick test of this as well.
So we don't really have anything to listen for this event.
I just want to make sure that we can send in a post or a put to update a given ticket.
Go over to our terminal and just verify, make sure we don't see any errors or anything like that coming
out of our ticket service.
So to do an update are going to change my request type here to put are going to take the ID of the ticket
I had just created in the last video and I'll add it on to the very end of that URL.
And then I'll make a change to the price.
Change it to say, ten.
So I'll send this off.
Okay.
Looks like the update was successful.
I'll then go back over to my terminal.
I'll find scaffold and I should see event published to subject ticket colon updated right there, which
means that the event was successfully published.
Well, I'd say this looks pretty good.
All right.
So everything at this point definitely works.
What we have right here, it is a working implementation.
There are nonetheless one or two quick things I want to mention.
One is something for your own benefit, for projects you might work on, on the future, just something
to kind of get your mind running.
And the other is just something I want to mention around how it's kind of awkward right now to actually
publish an event.
So we have to create a new instance of the publisher we have to pass in the client.
And as kind of a side effect of all this, I want to also mention that if we open up yet another terminal
window.
And go into our ticket service and try to run our tests.
So and run test, we're probably going to see all this stuff failing horribly because whenever we try
to test, say, the update or new operations, we don't actually have any running connection to.
Nats.
And so we're going to see a ton of stuff inside here.
Cannot access Nats client before connecting.
And so with that doubt, there's kind of a little bit of awkwardness around how we're actually publishing
events right now.
So a quick phase right here.
Go over some of these slide topics in just a moment.